c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\bin\Debug\HandGesture.exe.config
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\obj\Debug\HandGesture.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\obj\Debug\Resources\GlassButton.baml
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.baml
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.g.cs
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\obj\Debug\HandGesture_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\obj\Debug\HandGesture_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\obj\Debug\HandGesture.exe
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\obj\Debug\HandGesture.pdb
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\bin\Debug\HandGesture.exe
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\bin\Debug\HandGesture.pdb
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.dll
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.dll
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\bin\Debug\OpenTK.dll
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\bin\Debug\OpenTK.GLControl.dll
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.xml
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.xml
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\bin\Debug\OpenTK.xml
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\bin\Debug\OpenTK.GLControl.xml
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.xml
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\bin\Debug\de\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\bin\Debug\es\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\bin\Debug\fr\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\bin\Debug\hu\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\bin\Debug\it\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\bin\Debug\ja\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\bin\Debug\pt\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\bin\Debug\ru\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\bin\Debug\sk\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\bin\Debug\sv\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\bin\Debug\tr\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\bin\Debug\zh-cn\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\bin\Debug\zh-tw\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\obj\Debug\HandGesture.g.resources
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\obj\Debug\HandGesture.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\samiul\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\obj\Debug\HandGesture.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Samiul\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\bin\Debug\HandGesture.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Samiul\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\bin\Debug\HandGesture.application
C:\Users\Samiul\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\obj\Debug\HandGesture.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Samiul\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\obj\Debug\HandGesture.application
C:\Users\Samiul\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HandGesture\HandGesture\bin\Debug\packages.config
